fix: reorder upgrade-to-v4.md sections (#45)
nextauthjs/docs: docs/getting-started/upgrade-to-v4.md

```

#### Verify the correct version

:::warning
Due to an [unfortunate publish on npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/next-auth/v/4.0.0), there is a `4.0.0` version out there that is **NOT** suitable for use. During the beta release phase, please make sure/double check your `node_modules/next-auth/package.json` version to be exactly `4.0.0-beta.1` (or `beta.2` etc.), instead of `4.0.0`. (Adapters might try to install the wrong version in some cases for example.)

In your project's `package.json`, make sure you don't have a `^` character before the version number. Read more in the [npm docs](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v7/configuring-npm/package-json#dependencies).

> We are sorry for this inconvenience, and we will remedy this issue as soon as 4.0.0 goes stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are sorry for this inconvenience, and we will remedy this issue as soon as v4 goes stable.
```

Remember, it probably won't be 4.0.0...

Introduced in https://github.com/nextauthjs/next-auth/releases/tag/v4.0.0-next.12

## Providers

> OAuth providers now need to be imported individually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providers now need to be imported individually.
```

The main motivation for this is btw that someone not using the `Email` provider, won't have to pull in `nodemailer`. Even after we made it a peer dependency, with the old import, it would through an error, `nodemailer` not being found.

We might do something like `import {...} from next-auth/providers/oauth`, I don't know. but for this suggestion, the important part is that it's about all providers, not just OAuth ones.
